Beats and Logstash version compatible with es 8.0 (#2080)
elastic/stack-docs: docs/en/install-upgrade/upgrading-stack.asciidoc

Alternatively, you can create a new {version} deployment and reindex from remote.
For more information, see <<upgrading-reindex, Reindex to upgrade>>.

> Beats and Logstash 7.17 are compatible with {es} {version} 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beats and Logstash {prev-major-last} are compatible with {es} {version} 
```
